
# Dundee Data Meetup

| Presenter     | Date       |
| ------------- | ---------- |
| Johnathan Law | 2025-04-29 |

## Intro

- Thank you for coming along to our `May` edition of the meetup!
- My name is `Johnathan Law`, and I’m your host for tonight.
  - I studied in Dundee, graduated in 2015, and have stayed put ever since! I’ve been an engineer and a product person, and I am currently a senior product manager at a place called Conduktor.

## Presentation

- Covid and NHS data - what we had to learn and fast!
  - Jenni Woods, Head of Health & Business Intelligence at NHS Tayside
  - Jenni will be exploring the Covid-19 data and reporting story from within NHS Tayside, including:
    - What happened from 13th March 2020 to focus all data minds around Covid reporting and how we used our data input systems.
    - The data and intelligence we needed to understand, capture and report on.
    - The toolkits and techniques we used to track the impact of Covid within the hospitals, with a focus on patients, beds, predictions and data visualisation to deliver key messages to the masses.
- Panel discussion - 5 years on from the pandemic
  - Join us for a panel discussion reflecting on the fifth anniversary of the Covid-19 pandemic and how it impacted the data community with conversations from:
    - Jenni Woods, Head of Health & Business Intelligence at NHS Tayside
    - Lesley-Anne Kelly, Editor at the Press Associaton
    - Jack Gilmore, Senior Platform Engineer at NHS Education for Scotland and Co-founder of Open Data Scotland
